New rule that flags downcased aria-label (#63)
github/erblint-github: docs/rules/accessibility/aria-label-is-well-formatted.md

# aria-label is well formatted

## Rule Details

`[aria-label]` content should be formatted in the same way you would visual text. Please use sentence case.

> Do not connect the words like you would an ID. An `aria-label` is different from `aria-labelledby`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not kebab case the words like you would an HTML ID. An `aria-label` is different from `aria-labelledby`.
```

An `aria-label` is not an ID, and should be formatted as human-friendly text.

## Config

> If you determine that there are valid scenarios for `aria-label` to start with downcase, you may except it in your `.erb-lint.yml` config like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you determine that there are valid scenarios for `aria-label` to start with lowercase, you may exempt it in your `.erb-lint.yml` config like so:
```
